What is the makeup of the game world?
	The game takes place on one continent named Aegistra (the largest continent), on the planet Mundus. It is divided into 4 regions: the Forests of Olde (the home to Treants), the Harsh Mountains (the home to Humans), the Northern Snow Plains (the home to Snow Elves), and the Black Desert (the home to the Tyrant's army). The Ocean which makes roughly 60% of the planet is named the Aperi Ocean.

	The Forests have their name "The Forests of Olde" due to the fact that the Treants claim that there is a section of trees, the Elder Trees, in their city of Silvestris that are old enough to have been around since before the closing of the Demon Gate about a millenia ago and that the trees still live, what everyone else doesn't, exept for the most elder of the Treant, know is that the trees are sentient.

	The Harsh Mountains gain their name due to the average altitude being much above sea-level, so the air is thinner, making it a harsher enviroment for races other than humans, who are native to the land.

	The Northern Snow Plains have their name due to the fact that there are no records from any race that say that the snow has ever stopped snowing. They also get their name from the fact there is no mountain in the entire region and is mostly flat. It also makes up the majority of the northern part of the continent.

	The Black Desert gains its name from the fact it is covered in felonic ash from the closing of the Demon Gate that has resisted all attempts to be removed from the land and that it has killed all vegitation on the land.

What Kingdoms are there on this continent?
	The Kingdom of the Treants is the smallest of the 3 prominent races. Silvestris, their capitol, is home to a great deal of Treant, but there is just about as many living in the wild forest. There are few outlying cities, as there are only 3 in total and most Treant are content in the forest. The other two are Arbor (which is their city adjacent to the vast Aperi Ocean) and Vineas (a simple town home to some Treant and other races). The population of the cities in the Forests of Olde are majorly Treant, since there are only 3 cities in the region.

	The Kingdom of the Humans is vast. Their capitol is named Corona and is the home to human nobility. There are many cities housing the vast population in the Harsh mountains. Although there are many cities, few are noteworthy. Their city, Finibus, is on the border between the Harsh Mountains, Black Desert and the Forests of Olde. Their major naval city, Marinis, is one of the, if not the most, most booming economic centers in the world. The population of the cities in the Harsh Mountains is majorly Human due to the fact that their population is the greatest of all the races in the world and the air density makes it easier for them to call it home.

	The Kingdom of the Snow Elves is large, but only about two thirds as large as the kindgom of the Humans. Their capitol is named Tugurium and is hidden from the other races, it is said to be home to the elite of the Snow Elves and the most technilogically advanced city in the world, but no one but the elite of the Snow Elves know. The Elves have a good bit of cities and towns in the snow plains. Their city by the Aperi Ocean is called Niveus and The largest known Snow Elf city is Glaciem. The population of the elven cities are varied, a good deal of humans live there, but it is still mostly Snow Elves. The elven capitol Tugurium is all Snow Elf, no other race, even Sun Elves.

	The Tyrant's kingdom in the Black Desert has only 1 city, a citadel of sorts that is larger than any other city on the continent. The citadel is named Arx. It's population is the Tyrant himself, housed at it's center, and about half of his army. The rest of his army is housed in military bases all over the continent. Arx is built upon where the Demon Gate once stood.

Who lives here?
	In the world of Mundus, there are 5 major races. There are Sun Elves, Snow Elves, Humans, Treants, and Felkind. The races rule indepentantly but there is trading and such between each other. On the continent of Aegistra all races make it home, but not all have kingdoms in the land.

	Sun Elves are not native to Aegistra, and they prefer to keep to themselves to the most part (like all elves do), so there are not many of them in Aegistra. They are the oldest race in all of Mundus. Sun Elves also posess the 2nd largest military force on the planet, behind the Tyrant's army. The Sun Elves are a very militaristic culture, about their entire population enters the military at some point in their lives. All elves are live incredible long times, some are on record to have aged to 700 years old, but with their long lifespan comes the cost of being unable to reproduce after the first 100 years, which lends to the fact that almost all elves enter the military since they can no longer raise the next generation. Their politics are ran militarily.

	Snow Elves are related to Sun Elves due to the fact they are a branch that came to be when Vungar, the embodiement of sin, brought a colony of sun elves to the continent of Aegistra, where the Demon Gate is, to be slaves. They are the most technilogically advanced race on the planet due to their studies on Felonic energy and engineering. They are unable to survive outside of their magical suits that keep the temperature on the inside the same as the Northern Snow Plains (Think an entire race of Mr. Freezes). Their technology includes things such as teleportation, tempature manipulation, etc. The Snow Elves are rather peaceful compared to their ancestors the Sun Elves. They keep out of combat with their technology since they are rather weak due to being unable to survive in places with high temperatures without their suits. Their politics are ruled in a coucil from their top researchers and scientist as they, as a culture, place knowledge on a pedastal much higher than any other.

	The Humans are one of the youngest races in all of Mundus and are native to the continent of Aegistra. They have the largest single race's population in the world, almost surpassing Sun Elves and Snow Elves combined. Human culture is formed around living in the moment. Humans have the shortest life span of any race, coming in at about 70 years by old age. Since their homeland is in the Harsh Mountains, Humans have greater endurance than any other race from living and evolving in a place well above sea level with thin air. Their military force is large, but only about 3/4 as large as the Sun Elves' military. Their politics are that of a monarchy, where there is a King, Queen, Princes, and so on of one blood line.

	The Treant are a race that have only been around since the closing of the Demon Gate. They were created by the fallout of felonic energy from the closing of the Demon Gate and that mixing with the mystical Elder Trees that reside in the city of current Silvestris. It is a mystery as to how they formed and came to be, but they now populate the whole of the Forests of Olde. Treants are "born" in the city of Silvestris from the Elder Trees. Past their difference in birth and physiology, not much makes them different from other races (other than the fact they get nourishment from photosynthesis instead of food). Treants have no organized military what-so-ever; they are large enough (they are the most physically imposing race), blend with the forest, and are infused with felonic energy, so they have no need for a military in their forest. Treant politics are dictated by the elder treants that reside in Silvestris.

	Felkind are a race with much prejudice against them from all other major races except the Treant. Felkind are "demons"; they originate from the Planes of Sin, the home of the Embodiment of Sin, Vungar. Felkind were introduced to the world of Mundus when the Demon Gates first opened and they walked through with Vungar's  army. When the Demon Gate closed they were trapped in the world of Mundus and unable to return to their homeland, the Planes of Sin, so they traveled to new land, and make their kingdom in other lands since the people of Aegistra had bad memories under the oppression of Vungar. The Felkind of today are not like their predessesors, they are kind and hate conflict, but they do let let themselves be pushovers so they have a realatively strong military in their kingdom, but we will not go over their kingdom since this game will not visit it. Felkind have a democratic society as they believe that they should all have a say in everything since most of the world is against their presence in the world of Mundus.

	Other than the major races, there are a few minor races that have no organized government or military of any kind and live in scattered tribes. These minor races are Trolls, Harpies, Kreeg, and Gheist. Trolls are creatures that make their homes in caves. They are large creatures that over time form a natural "casing" of dirt and rocks on their bodies that acts as armor. Harpies are a race of prodominately female bird people (you've seen them 1000 times). They make their homes in high altitude places with nests. Kreeg are a race of underground burrower people with features similar to moles. They believe that places other than underground are too open and make it too vulnerable, so they burrow underground, where they think the safest, most advantagous place is. Gheist are a mysterious race that wonder everywhere; they are a nomad race that can be found everywhere in the world of Mundus. They have features that make them look ghoulish, such as no nose or ears, just holes for the purpose.

What are some notable historic events?
	There are no records of life before the closing of the Demon Gates, because Vungar is nigh-omnisciencent in whatever realm he inhabits, so he could easily find records and destroy them because he wished for the "lesser beings" to stay in the dark. No one knows how the Demon Gate was closed, only that it was and the resulting explosion formed the Black Desert. After the closing at approximately 1000 years from the time the game takes place, only then did records begin to be kept, and culture begin. When the gates closed and record keeping began, it was unanimoulsly given the year of 0 AC (After Closing). After the closing, many miraculous things happened over the course of a millenia.

	1 AC: Felkind move out of Aegistra, the land most ravaged by Vungar, to escape any wrath from the natives in the land.
	2 AC: Humans and Snow Elves meet and have a small battle; it ends in a draw and they decide to stay on their own ends of the continent.
	8 AC: Treants enter the world.
	9 AC: Treants make contact with Humans and Snow Elves.
	15 AC: Sun Elves come to Aegistra and make contact with their brethern, the Snow Elves, and make ties.
	26 AC: Humans, Snow Elves, Sun Elves, and Treant all find out about the existence of Felkind in their land from explorers.
	27 AC: Humans, Snow Elves, and Sun Elves start a combined war against Felkind.
	30 AC: There is a ceasefire as it is seen that while Humans, Snow Elves, and Sun Elves have numbers, Felkind have more skill in every soldier, and after that there is just tense silence between the lands.
	256 AC: Things have been, for the most part, forgiven between Humans and Felkind, so a treaty is made between them and a statue built on the highest mountain in the Harsh mountains, it was made to look like a Human and Felkind shaking hands.
	334 AC: The Elves finally make an uneasy treaty with Felkind and Snow Elves make a pact with Humans and Treant to make a unified military of Aegistra, that they named The Guard.
	340 AC: The Sun Elves come into the pact with Humans, Treant, and Snow Elves to make The Guard a defense for the entire world of Mundus.
	343 AC: Felkind finally enter The Guard with with written agreements that there will be no descrimination in the ranks, making The Guard a military pact with all of the militaries on the planet.
	500 AC: rumors start to appear all over the county of a dark warrior (the Tyrant in his early years) that is roaming the land making a name for himself with his power.
	512 AC: The Tyrant starts to make even more of a name for himself by starting to make a small army with members of every race, even minor ones.
	515 AC: The Guard begins to take notice of the Tyrant and attempt to bring it all to a stop, they find it is folly, as whatever battlefield they meet him on, he triumphs against them with ruthless efficiency, never losing many soldiers. The war between The Guard and the Tyrant goes on for many more years.
	536 AC: The war ends with the Tyrant as the victor. His terms are that 60% of The Guard are absorbed into his army and he is given all of the land of the Black Desert as his base of operations. After his terms are met, the remaining 40% of The Guard, go to their homelands and are re-absorbed into their respective militaries.
	650 AC: Until now, the Tyrant's nation has been there but not played an integral part in the politics and such in Mundus, it has only been recognized as the largest military power on the planet, at about twice the size of the Sun Elves, who have the second largest military. Now though, the Tyrant makes his play to control the rest of Mundus in an underhanded fashion. The Tyrant flaunts his military superiority over the other races and demands treaties signed so that he may have commanders in every capitol city under the threat that if they ever try something against him, he will destroy them with his vast numbers. After these treaties are signed not much happens in the world of Mundus other than a few rebelions that the Tyrant quickly squashed with his army all over the planet and always growing. No race knew how his army was always growing, they just knew that it was and there was nothing they could do to stop it. And so, after only 650 years of relative freedom, the races of Mundus found themselves under a new, albiet not as harsh, rule.

What year is it?
	The game starts at 1296 AC.

Are there interesting landmarks?
	There is the "Symbol of Forgiveness" located at the peak of the highest mountain in the Harsh Mountains. It is depicted as a Human and Felkind shaking hands and was created to celebreate the treaty and alliance that the Humans and Felkind made in 256 AC.

	The Elder Trees in the Treant capitol of Silvestris have stood since before the closing of the Demon Gate, making them (at the time of the game) older that a millenia. The trees are quite tall and can be seen from any place on the continent.

	Marinis, a Human city, is one of the most booming economic centers in the world, since its location is on the coast of Aegistra and also close enough to the Black Desert that the Tyrant himself uses it to import many goods.

	Arx, the citadel that the Tyrant calls home is quite a sight, as it is made of the steel infused with the felonic ash in the Black Desert itself, and it is the only structure in Mundus to be made from that material.