What is the makeup of the game world?
	The game takes place on one continent named Aegistra (the largest continent), on the planet Mundus. It is divided into 4 regions: the Forests of Olde 
(the home to Treants), the Harsh Mountains (the home to Humans), the Northern Snow Plains (the home to Snow Elves), and the Black Desert (the home to the Tyrant's 
army). The Ocean which makes roughly 60% of the planet is named the Demesure Ocean.

	The Forests have their name "The Forests of Olde" due to the fact that the Treants claim that there is a section of trees, the Elder Trees, in their city 
of Silvestris that are old enough to have been around since before the closing of the Demon Gate about a millenia ago and that the trees still live. What everyone 
else doesn't know, exept for the most elder of the Treant, is that the trees are sentient.

	The Harsh Mountains gain their name due to the average altitude being much above sea-level, so the air is thinner, making it a harsher enviroment for 
races other than humans, who are native to the land.

	The Northern Snow Plains have their name due to the fact that there are no records from any race that say that the snow has ever stopped snowing. They 
also get their name from the fact there is no mountain in the entire region and is mostly flat. It also makes up the majority of the northern part of the continent.

	The Black Desert gains its name from the fact it is covered in felonic ash from the closing of the Demon Gate that has resisted all attempts to be 
removed from the land (it regenerates what is taken, and if it leaves the area, it and that it has killed all vegitation on the land.

	Besides Aegistra, there are two other continents on the planet. Glanzenden is the continent that the Sun Elves call home. Svartzerra is the continent that 
the Felkind call home.

What Kingdoms are there on this continent?
	The Kingdom of the Treants is the smallest of the 3 prominent races on Aegistra. Silvestris, their capitol, is home to a great deal of Treant, but there 
is just about as many living in the wild forest, if not more. There are few outlying cities, as there are only 3 in total and most Treant are content in the 
forest. The other two are Arbor (which is their city adjacent to the vast Demesure Ocean) and Vineas (a simple town home to some Treant and other races). The 
population of the cities in the Forests of Olde are majorly Treant, since there are only 3 cities in the region.

	The Kingdom of the Humans is vast. Their capitol is named Corona and is the home to human nobility. There are many cities housing the vast population 
in the Harsh mountains. Although there are many cities and towns, few are noteworthy. Their city, Finibus, is on the border between the Harsh Mountains, Black 
Desert and the Forests of Olde. Their major naval city Marinis is one of the, if not the, most booming economic centers in the world. The population of the 
cities in the Harsh Mountains is majorly Human due to the fact that their population is the greatest of all the races in the world and the air density makes 
it easier for them to call it home.

	The Kingdom of the Snow Elves is large, but only about two thirds as large as the kindgom of the Humans. Their capitol is named Tugurium and is hidden 
from the other races, it is said to be home to the elite of the Snow Elves and be the most technilogically advanced city in the world, yet no one but the elite 
of the Snow Elves know it's location. The Snow Elves have a good bit of cities and towns in the snow plains. Their city by the Demesure Ocean is called Niveus 
and The largest known Snow Elf city is Glaciem. The population of the elven cities are varied, a good deal of humans live there, but it is still mostly Snow 
Elves. The elven capitol Tugurium is all Snow Elf, no other race, even Sun Elves, call it home.

	The Tyrant's kingdom in the Black Desert has only 1 city, a citadel of sorts that is larger than any other city on the continent, or even the planet. 
The citadel is named Arx. It's population is the Tyrant himself, housed at it's center, and about half of his army. The rest of his army is housed in military 
bases all over the world. Arx is built upon where the Demon Gate once stood.

Who lives here?
	In the world of Mundus, there are 5 major races. There are Sun Elves, Snow Elves, Humans, Treants, and Felkind. The races rule indepentantly but there 
is trading and such between each other. On the continent of Aegistra all races make it home, but not all have kingdoms in the land.

	Sun Elves are not native to Aegistra, and they prefer to keep to themselves for the most part (like all elves do), so there are not many of them in 
Aegistra, they mostly reside on Glanzenden. They are the oldest race in all of Mundus. Sun Elves also posess the 2nd largest military force on the planet, 
behind the Tyrant's army. The Sun Elves are a very militaristic culture; just about their entire population enters the military at some point in their lives. 
All elves live incredible long times, some are on record to have aged to 700 years old, but with their long lifespan comes the cost of being unable to 
reproduce after the first 100 years, which lends to the fact that almost all elves enter the military since they can no longer foster the next generation. 
Their politics are ran militarily.

	Snow Elves are related to Sun Elves due to the fact they are a branch that came to be when Vungar, the embodiement of sin, brought a colony of sun elves 
to the continent of Aegistra, where the Demon Gate was, to be slaves. They are the most technilogically advanced race on the planet due to their studies on Felonic 
energy and engineering. They are unable to survive outside of their magical suits that keep the temperature on the inside the same as the Northern Snow Plains 
(Think an entire race of Mr. Freezes). Their technology includes things such as teleportation, tempature manipulation, etc. The Snow Elves are rather peaceful 
compared to their ancestors, the Sun Elves. They keep out of combat with their technology since they are rather weak in close combat due to being unable to 
survive in places with high temperatures without their suits (punctures in their suits are a leading death statistic). Their politics are ruled in a coucil 
from their top researchers and scientist as they, as a culture, place knowledge on a pedastal much higher than any other.

	The Humans are one of the youngest races in all of Mundus and are native to the continent of Aegistra. They have the largest single race's population 
in the world, almost surpassing Sun Elves and Snow Elves combined. Human culture is formed around living in the moment. Humans have the shortest life span of 
any race, coming in at about 70 years by old age. Since their homeland is in the Harsh Mountains, Humans have greater endurance than any other race from living 
and evolving in a place well above sea level with thin air. Their military force is large, but only about 3/4 as large as the Sun Elves' military. Their politics 
are that of a monarchy, where there is a King, Queen, Princess, Prince, and so on of one blood line.

	The Treant are a race that have only been around since the closing of the Demon Gate. They were created by the fallout of felonic energy from the closing 
of the Demon Gate and that mixing with the mystical Elder Trees that reside in the city of current Silvestris. It is a mystery as to how they formed and came to be, 
but they now populate the whole of the Forests of Olde. Treants are "born" in the city of Silvestris from the Elder Trees. Past their difference in birth and 
physiology, not much makes them different from other races (other than the fact they get nourishment from photosynthesis instead of food). Treants have no organized 
military what-so-ever; they are large enough (they are the most physically imposing race coming in @ 9ft tall on average), blend with the forest, and are infused 
with felonic energy, so they have no need for a military in their forest. Treant politics are dictated by the elder treants that reside in Silvestris (the youngest 
at the start of the game is 230 years old).

	Felkind are a race with much prejudice against them from all other major races except the Treant. Felkind are "demons"; they originate from the Planes of 
Sin, the home of the Embodiment of Sin, Vungar. Felkind were introduced to the world of Mundus when the Demon Gate first opened and they walked through with Vungar's 
army. When the Demon Gate closed they were trapped in the world of Mundus and unable to return to their homeland, the Planes of Sin, so they traveled to new 
land, Svartzerra, and made their kingdom there since the people of Aegistra have bad memories under the oppression of Vungar. The Felkind of today are not like 
their predessesors, they are kind and hate conflict, but they do let themselves be pushovers so they have a realatively strong military in their kingdom. Felkind 
have a rebuplic society as they believe that they should all have a say in everything, since most of the world is against their presence in Svartzerra.

	Other than the major races, there are a few minor races that have no organized government or military of any kind and live in scattered tribes. These minor 
races are Trolls, Harpies, Kreeg, and Gheist. Trolls are creatures that make their homes in caves. They are large (about 12ft tall) creatures that over time form a 
natural "armor" of dirt and rocks on their bodies; they determine their place in society by the thickness of this "armor". Harpies are a race of prodominately 
female bird people (you've seen them 1000 times, I just like them as an enemy); Male harpies exist, but are often kept in secret places due to being so rare. 
They make their homes in high altitude places with huts. Kreeg are a race of underground burrower people with features similar to moles. They believe that places 
other than underground are too open and make it too vulnerable, so they burrow underground, where they think the safest, most advantagous place is. Gheist are a 
mysterious race that wonder everywhere; they are a nomad race that can be found everywhere in the world of Mundus. They have features that make them look ghoulish, 
such as no nose or ears, just holes for the purpose. Gheist have been nicknamed 'shamblers' by the people of the world, because they tend to walk very slow until 
they encounter prey, then they sprint (they are zombies, but not).

What are some notable historic events?
	There are no records of life before the closing of the Demon Gate, because Vungar is nigh-omnisciencent in whatever realm he inhabits, so he could easily 
find records and destroy them because he wished for the "lesser beings" to stay in the dark. No one knows how the Demon Gate were closed, only that they were and 
the resulting explosion formed the Black Desert. After the closing at approximately 1000 years from the time the game takes place, only then did records begin to 
be kept, and culture begin. When the gate closed and record keeping began, it was unanimoulsly given the year of 0 AC (After Closing). After the closing, many 
miraculous things happened over the course of a millenia.

	1 AC: Felkind move out of Aegistra, the land most ravaged by Vungar, to escape any wrath from the natives in the land. At the beginning, they were more 
organized than any of the five major races.
	5 AC: Humans and Snow Elves meet after forming their own societies and have a small battle because they think each other are agents of Vungar (both being 
slaves at one point and all); it ends in a draw and they decide to stay on their own ends of the continent (the reason Snow Elves stay majoritly in the Northern 
Snow Plains to this day).
	8 AC: Treants enter the world. They make contact with Humans and Snow Elves. No battles incur, as the Treants always met with a group of humans with a 
single Treant, as to not be intimidating with their size. The snow elves weren't nearly as intimidated by numbers though.
	15 AC: Sun Elves come to Aegistra and make contact with their brethern, the Snow Elves, and make ties.
	26 AC: Humans, Snow Elves, Sun Elves, and Treant all find out about the existence of Felkind in their world from explorers.
	27 AC: Humans, Snow Elves, and Sun Elves start a combined war against Felkind.
	45 AC: There is a ceasefire as it is seen that while Humans, Snow Elves, and Sun Elves have numbers, Felkind have more skill in every soldier and superior 
arms, and after that there is just tense silence between the kingdoms.
	106 AC: Things have been, for the most part, forgiven between Humans and Felkind, so a treaty is made between them and a statue built on the highest mountain 
in the Harsh mountains, it was made to look like a Human and Felkind shaking hands.
	134 AC: The Snow Elves finally make an uneasy treaty with Felkind and then they make a pact with Humans and Treant to make a unified military in 
Aegistra, that they named The Guard.
	240 AC: The Sun Elves come into the pact with Humans, Treant, and Snow Elves to make The Guard a defense for the entire world of Mundus, after many 
debates and such.
	262 AC: Felkind finally enter The Guard with with written agreements that there will be no descrimination in the ranks (and if there is, action will be 
carried out), making The Guard a military pact with all of the structured militaries on the planet.
	277 AC: The full Guard is sent into action for the first time, as some lesser races (Trolls, Harpies, Kreeg, and Gheistin particular) try to take dominance 
over the world with the assistance of Vungar, the Demon of Sin, in his first known play since the closing of the Demon Gate to get a foothold back in the realm 
of Mundus.
	286 AC: The Guard triumphs over the army of lesser races, proving that they will keep the balance and order of their realm. This victory comes at a cost 
though, as a commander of the Guard and a small strike team severed the connection between the lesser races and Vungar (A Gheist who had been possessed by Vungar). 
The names of these heroes have been forgotten though through the years. The lesser races have lost much of their populations and are only ~50% of their past power.
	300 AC: Lairiton Awakens
	607 AC: Rumors start to appear all over the county of a warrior that controls darkness (the Tyrant in his early years) that is roaming the land making a 
name for himself with his power.
	612 AC: The Tyrant starts to make even more of a name for himself by starting to make a small army with members of every race, even the lesser ones.
	613 AC: The Guard begins to take notice of the Tyrant and attempt to bring it all to a stop, they find it is folly, even with their much greater numbers. 
Whatever battlefield they meet him on, he triumphs against them with ruthless efficiency, never losing more than 100 soldiers in any battle. The war between The 
Guard and the Tyrant goes on for many more years.
	723 AC: The war ends with the Tyrant as the victor. His terms are that 70% of The Guard are absorbed into his army and he is given all of the land of the 
Black Desert as his base of operations (which had been abandoned). After his terms are met, the remaining 30% of The Guard go to their homelands and are re-absorbed 
into their respective militaries.
	750 AC: Until now, the Tyrant's nation has been there but not played an integral part in the politics and such in Mundus, it has only been recognized as the 
largest military power on the planet, at larger than twice the size of the Sun Elves, who have the second largest military, and still larger than every military on 
the planet combined. Now though, the Tyrant makes his play to control the rest of Mundus in an underhanded fashion. The Tyrant flaunts his military superiority over 
the other races and demands treaties signed so that he may have commanders in every capitol city under the threat that if they ever try something against him, 
he will destroy them with his vast numbers. After these treaties are signed not much happens in the world of Mundus other than a few rebellions that the Tyrant 
quickly squashed with his army all over the planet and always growing. No race knew how his army was always growing, they just knew that it was and there was 
nothing they could do to stop it. And so, after only 650 years of relative freedom, the races of Mundus found themselves under a new, albiet not as harsh, reign.
	Up to 997 AC: Up until now, the Tyrant has had the entire world under his thumb, biding his time. With the approach of the millenium anniversery of the 
closing of the Demon Gate, there is an ominous feeling on the horizen. No one knows the cause of the feeling in their guts, but all know that something is going 
to happen, something that will change life as they know it.

What year is it?
	The game starts at 997 AC. (Years are 365 days, and days are 24 hours for convienience :P)

Are there interesting landmarks?
	There is the "Symbol of Forgiveness" located at the peak of the highest mountain in the Harsh Mountains. It is depicted as a Human and Felkind shaking hands 
and was created to celebreate the treaty and alliance that the Humans and Felkind made in 256 AC.

	The Elder Trees in the Treant capitol of Silvestris have stood since before the closing of the Demon Gate, making them (at the time of the game) older that 
a millenium. The trees are quite tall and can be seen from any place on the continent.

	Marinis, a Human city, is one of the most booming economic centers in the world, since its location is on the coast of Aegistra and also close enough to the 
Black Desert that the Tyrant himself uses it to import many goods for his vast army. Inside there is a gigantic fountain (the size of about 1/4th of the entire city) 
that flows into the ocean, and uses the ocean to fuel it.

	Arx, the citadel that the Tyrant calls home is quite a sight, as it is made of the steel infused with the felonic ash in the Black Desert itself, and it 
is the only structure in Mundus to be made from that material. No one knows how the tyrant manufatured it, so it's a mystery.

Is there religion in the land?
	Yes and no.

	Yes in that there is worship of deities, such as: Vungar the Demon of Sin, Treness the Demoness of Life, Tencarus the Demon of the Determination, Valerex the 
Demoness of Virtue, and Malidore the Demon of Intelligence. The world KNOWS these deities/demon lords exist because they have made themselves and their planes known. 
They were ruled over by one of them (Vungar) for many, uncountable years before their freedom was obtained.
	And no in that the deities of worship are NOT Gods. These deities are not all-powerful, all-knowing, or all-anything. These deities are all Demons, who 
have formed due to the different experiences mortal-kind has encountered. They all are immortal, have nigh-omniprescence in their own dimensions (Vungar is an 
exception, he has learned to have his nigh-omniprescence in whichever dimension he inhabits), they cannot see past a thick veil of felonic energy though, and they 
are quite powerful in their own rights ranking from Vungar, Tencarus, Valerax, Treness, Malidore. Vungar is undisputed in his power, and Tencarus only has a slight 
edge over Valerax. Treness and Malidore both don't really care for power much; they just want their individual wants (Treness, life and Malidore, knowledge); though 
Treness has the advantage over Malidore as she wants to protect life and Malidore doesn't really have an opinion.
	
	Vungar, the Demon of Sin, was formed from the first evil acts of mortal-kind, and was also the first Demon Lord to form. After he was formed and gained 
awareness, he desired all, and his personality was formed around the 5 sins of Mundus: Violence, Treachery, Greed, Envy, and Pride.
	Treness, the Demoness of Life, was formed when mortal-kind began to nurture the land and other forms of life, and was the second Demon Lord to form. After 
she formed and gained awareness, she wanted everything to live, and nothing to die. Her personality was formed by motherly traits: Love and Strictness.
	Tencarus, the Demon of Determination, was formed from when mortal-kind overcame improbable obstacles through force of will, and was the third Demon Lord to 
form. After he was formed and gained awareness, he strived to push himself, taking challenges in every possible way, and his personality was formed by: Courage, 
Determination, and power of Will.
	Valerex, the Demoness of Virtue, was formed from when mortal-kind first showed compassion to one-another, and was the fourth Demon Lord to form. After she 
was formed and gained awareness, she wanted nothing but to help others. She is considered the most bountiful deity, because she only wishes to help others, with no 
promise of gain for herself. Her personality was formed by the Virtues of Mundus: Compassion, Kindness, and Altruism.
	Malidore, the Demon of Intelligence, was formed from when mortal-kind first branched out to learn about the world, rather than focus solely on survival, 
and was the fifth and final Demon Lord to form. After he was formed and gained awareness, he wished to gain all of the knowledge in the world and beyond. Malidore 
seems to be specifically obsessed with the starts. His personality was formed from the thirst for knowledge: Curiosity, and Recklessness.

Who are the noteable characters of the game?
	The Immortal Lairiton
	The Orphan Vexxis
	The Soldier Kravin
	The Sorceress Sintheria
	The Tyrant Kratore

What are some hidden stuff that players should only learn through the story?
	The Orphan Vexxis is the son of the Immortal Lairiton and the demoness Valerex.
		Vexxis's mother is Valerex, as a not well known ability posessed by the demons and demonesses is that they can become mortal for a time. When their 
mortal shell dies, they return to their demon forms in 3 years.

	The Sorceress Sintheria is the Daughter of Treness and is actually a special Treant.
		I plan a part of the game where she gets bisected and she is shown to be be a Treant. (Important note: That can't kill a Treant (go for the head!))

	The Soldier Kravin is the son of the Tyrant.
		It is revealed later on that sons of people who were blessed by demons and demonesses actually have part of that demon within them.

	The Immortal and the Tyrant are brothers. Both gained immortality around 6 BC (before closing). Lairiton and Kratore were warrior brothers; even though they 
were slaves, their job was to fight together against many monsters for the entertainment of their overseers. Lairiton had been struck with an illness that would have 
taken his life. To keep his brother from dying, Kratore made an offer to Vungar: "Save my brother and I will serve you for as long as he lives". Being ever-cunning, 
Vungar cured Lairiton with the curse of Immortality (which turned him half demon). Bound by his word, Vungar locked Kratore away, and started molding him to his own 
design. When Lairiton came to and learned of what Kratore and Vungar did, he went into a frenzy; he slaughtered everything (slaves included) within the camp he 
resided in. After regaining his senses, he vowed to shut the gate and never care for another being. It took him 5 years, but he managed to close the gate at the cost 
of being flung across the continent and into the Elder Trees and being sent into a coma for 300 years.

	The spawning of the Treants was not just caused by the felonic fallout as other races thought, but a combination of that and the Immortal being imbedded in 
the highest parts of the trees. His memories were imparted into the trees through magic and from there, the Elder Trees made fully grown Treants with knowledge of 
the world through his eyes. And gave them skills he had obtained through his life. The differences between Treants vary though, as none of them get everything and 
they still have personalities of their own.

	The way Treants were made after Lairiton left the tree was for something with conscience to inhabit the dome he inhabited for those 300 years. Their memories 
and experiences are imparted to new Treants the same way. This is considered an honor to people. Kings, Queens, Heros, Artisians, Lairiton, and more have gave birth to
many Treants. Lairiton has ties with the Treant kingdom, and is treated with reverence (almost a diety), although he hates it.

	Lairiton has earned the respect of many kingdoms over the years. The only kingdom which he has bad ties to are the Snow and Sun Elves. After awakening from the
coma in the Elder Trees, he began to wander the world. seeing how everything unfolded since he was away. He didn't stay back and see how all of the nations evolved, he
wanted to see all of it first hand, so he immersed himself into all of their cultures and politics from the start. He comes to like the new nation of Felkind, and 
adapts to their traditional combat style. He learns to use Chakrams and becomes quite proficient in it. He regards himself as a mere novice from before his coma with 
Chakrams comparedto what he is able to do now. Being human originally, he makes fast friends with the human kingdom. The Treants revere almost as a diety since he 
was their source ofconsciousness for 300 years. Snow Elves have never trusted a human who claims to be over 300 years old; they claim it as an impossibility and 
declare him a mad personwho achieved immortality through devious means (they don't know what, but just assume the worst). Sun Elves distrust him for a similar 
reason, but they accept that he's immortal and sane, just that he most likely obtained his immortality through means that cost much life.

	Vexxis is the only son of Lairiton to ever be concieved. His mother(the mortal Valerex) had found Lairiton half dead (or so she thought) in the Northern Snow 
Plains. He was there fighting a horde of the Arx's soldiers, he managed to fell 100 of them before falling (there's a difference between skill, and a millenia's 
worth of practice). They fell in love just like those mushy fairy tales where she nursed him to health, he declined her advances at first, but over time grew to love 
her, and then BAM! A kid. He left that family, hurt, when he learned that she was Valerex. The mother was treated as a witch of sorts because her son will sometimes 
go into a frenzy when frightened or angered (the kid is about three quarters Demon Lord after all).

	The person the Tyrant used to be (the good younger brother of Lairiton, Kratore) can sometimes keep himself from doing particulary dark deeds. That's 
the reason Kravin, his son, is currently free to pursue things and not locked up for the Prophecy of the Gate. Kravin came to be when one day Kratore was able to 
break the hold of Vungar for an entire day (he can usually only manage a few minutes or so). He knew he couldn't do much with the time he had, as if he went against 
Vungar, both he and his brother would perish. He left Arx and visited the Harsh Mountains in the guise of a regular human. He eventually wandered into some village 
after having quite a nasty fall; he went to the village healer and they happened to hit it off. Kratore left her sometime in the night, as he knew it wouldn't be 
long before the Tyrant came to be again. So in the end, the Tyrant stood in the woods, with a bad ankle and absolutley no idea why he had a hangover.

	Sintheria is the daughter of Treness in that Treness wanted a daughter. It's kind of that simple. No big plans, just someone who wanted to be a mother for so
long decided to sate their want. Treness did not want to go through the process of birth, so when she saw the Treants come to be, and their way of life, she molded
Sintheria from a tree in the Forests of Olde. And there Sintheria stayed for 15 years, being brought up by Treness through the animals and plants of the forest. She
still ages like a human though because magic, fuck you. There have been other daughters and sons of Treness before her, but Treness has only kept one at a time. They 
live full lives within the Forests of Olde, and Treness keeps them ignorant to the machinations of the outside world. 

What is this "Prophecy of the Gate"?

On the Millenial eve
A grave thing will once again occur
A thing that all who live wish to deter
Alas, it is something that will leave all to grieve
With the blood of trice Demon Lord
The Demon Gate will be open to the demonic fjord